I'm in the military reserves, and it is exactly what the name says. It's
a reserve, so we don't actively fight the wars. What we do is we,
number one make sure that we are prepared to fight, and number two
we train a lot to make sure that our mind is ready to fight. For me
I was in the military for eight years, and then I got out joined the
reserves. What that means is that the reserves call me at any time
and they'll have somebody with eight years of active duty experience
being able to fight. That means I know what a ship is, I know how to
read the label plates to find out what I'm looking for, I know how
to fix these pumps, and I know how to drive the ship, I know the valves
to close when you're trying to shut off steam. So these are things
that they don't have to teach me, as opposed to a civilian who has
no experience, no training, and maybe that doesn't have the discipline
to come and fight the war right away. So if we're going to fight
a war, first people that go over are the active duty people. If you
need more people then they call on me, the reservist people, a reserve
person who stops his normal civilian job and becomes an active
duty member for the amount of time that the Navy tells me to be. It
could be anywhere from a few months to several years. After that time,
then I'm supposed to come back to my civilian job, hopefully the
civilian job is still there for me when I get back. If there's a huge
war, then that's when we start calling the real civilians.